.TH CHMPXBENCH "1" "May 2015" "CHMPX" "Consistent Hashing Mq inProcess data eXchange"
.SH NAME
CHMPXBENCH \- Bench mark Tool for CHMPX by Yahoo! JAPAN
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B chmpxbench
[ \-s | \-c ] [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
chmpxbench is bench mark test tool, this can test benchmark on CHMPX server/slave node. Then this tool send/receive data through CHMPX for bench mark on multi process/thread. You can see usage this tool by typing "-h".
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
display help
.TP
\fB\-s\fR
join CHMPX server node(run chmpxbench on server node)
.TP
\fB\-c\fR
join CHMPX slave node(run chmpxbench on slave node)
.TP
\fB\-f\fR [file path]
specify configration file(.ini .yaml .json) which is same file for CHMPX server/slave node.
.TP
\fB\-json\fR [file path]
specify configration json string which is same file for CHMPX server/slave node.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR [loop count]
specify loop count for each thread/process. default count is 1. 0 means no limit for loop.
.TP
\fB\-proccnt\fR [count]
specify process count. default process count is 1.
.TP
\fB\-threadcnt\fR [count]
specify thread count for each process. default thread count is 1.
.TP
\fB\-ta\fR
specify Turn Around mode. the message is terned around on server to slave.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR
specify Broadcast mode for only chmpxbench on slave node.
.TP
\fB\-dl\fR
specify sending message data length by byte. default value and minimum value are 64 bytes.
.TP
\fB\-pr\fR
print sending/recieving messages during bench mark.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR [ERR | WAN | INFO | DUMP]
specify debugging level, chmpxbench displaies debugging message for itself.
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
chmpx(1)
.SH BUGS
.TP
Please report owner and comitter.
.SH AUTHOR
chmpxbench has been written by Takeshi Nakatani <ggtakec@gmail.com>.
