.TH CHMPXSTATUS "1" "Mar 2018" "CHMPX" "Consistent Hashing Mq inProcess data eXchange"
.SH NAME
CHMPXSTATUS \- Check local chmpx node status Tool for CHMPX
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B chmpxstatus [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
chmpxstatus is checking chmpx status tool, this attaches shared memory on local host which is made by chmpx. Then this tool check and dump local chmpx status. You can see usage this tool by typing "-h".
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
display help
.TP
\fB\-conf\ [file\ path]\fR
specify configuration file(.ini .yaml .json) which is same file for CHMPX server/slave node.
.TP
\fB\-json\ [json\ string]\fR
specify configuration json string which is same file for CHMPX server/slave node.
.TP
\fB\-ctlport\ [control\ port\ number]\fR
specify the self control port. if ctlport option is specified, chmpx searches same ctlport in configuration and ignores "CTLPORT" directive in "GLOBAL" section. and chmpx will start in the mode indicated by the server entry that has been detected.
.TP
\fB\-wait\fR
When this option is specified, it operates as a mode to wait until the state of chmpx changes to the specified value.
.TP
\fB\-live\fR\ [UP\ |\ DOWN]\fR
This option is specified together with the -wait option. Specify UP(running) or DOWN(not running) as the process status of chmpx. This is part of the chmpx state.
.TP
\fB\-ring\fR\ [SERVICEIN\ |\ SERVICEOUT\ |\ SLAVE]\fR
This option is specified together with the -wait option. Specify a value indicating the participation status of the chmpx process in RING. Possible values are SERVICEIN(server node and participating in RING), SERVICEOUT(server node and not participating in RING), and SLAVE(indicating slave nodes). This is part of the chmpx state.
.TP
\fB\-suspend\fR\ /\ \fB\-nosuspend\fR
This option is specified together with the -wait option. Specify nosuspend to specify the state in which the process that has joined to chmpx exists. Specify nosuspend if there is no process that has joined to chmpx. This is a part of the state of chmpx.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR\ [SILENT\ |\ ERR\ |\ WAN\ |\ INFO\ |\ DUMP]\fR
specify debugging level, chmpx displays debugging message for itself.
.TP
\fB\-dfile\ [debug\ file\ path]\fR
specify file path for output debugging messages.
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
chmpx(1)
.SH BUGS
.TP
Please report owner and committer.
.SH AUTHOR
chmpxstatus has been written by Takeshi Nakatani.
