.TH CHMPXLINETOOL "1" "December 2014" "CHMPX" "Consistent Hashing Mq inProcess data eXchange"
.SH NAME
CHMPXLINETOOL \- Interactive Command Line Tool for CHMPX
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B chmpxlinetool [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
chmpxlinetool is interactive tool, this can control CHMPX processes by control command, and print status, etc.. Then you can do servicein/serviceout/merge/etc to chmpx processes. chmpxlinetool has CUI interface, and command history, etc. You can see usage this tool by typing "-h".
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
display help
.TP
\fB\-conf\ [file\ path]\fR
specify configration file(.ini .yaml .json) which is same file for CHMPX server/slave node.
.TP
\fB\-json\ [json\ string]\fR
specify configration json string which is same file for CHMPX server/slave node.
.TP
\fB\-host\ [hostname]\fR
specify one of hostname for chmpx node, if not specified, using localhost.
.TP
\fB\-ctlport\ [control\ port\ number]\fR
specify chmpx node control port. if host option is specified, this option must be specified.
.TP
\fB\-server\fR
specify chmpx node server type for hostanme specified.
.TP
\fB\-slave\fR
specify chmpx node slave type for hostanme specified.
.TP
\fB\-threadcnt\ [thread\ count]\fR
specify thread count for sending/receiving control command to chmpx node.
.TP
\fB\-check\ [interval\ second]\fR
specify running check all node status when chmpxlinetool starts to run. this checking is loop with interval second.
.TP
\fB\-status\ [interval\ second]\fR
specify printing all node status when chmpxlinetool starts to run. this printing is loop with interval second.
.TP
\fB\-nocolor\fR
specify this, print without no escape sequence(no color).
.TP
\fB\-lap\fR
print lap time after line command.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR\ [SILENT\ |\ ERR\ |\ WAN\ |\ INFO\ |\ DUMP]\fR
specify debugging level, chmpxlinetool displaies debugging message for itself.
.TP
\fB\-dchmpx\fR\
specify debugging level for chmpx.
.TP
\fB\-his\fR\ [history\ count]\fR
set history count of command.
.TP
\fB\-run\fR\ [command\ file\ path]\fR
run commands in file when chmpxlinetool starts to run.
.TP
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
chmpx(1)
.SH BUGS
.TP
Please report owner and comitter.
.SH AUTHOR
chmpxlinetool has been written by Takeshi Nakatani.
